# Self-Driving-Car-based-Taxi-System


In today’s modern world there has been many advancements are made in the technology that are used in cars. That to development of Artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms today’s car capable of sensing the environment with help of various sensors and high performance processors which are embedded in the cars. Nowadays self driving cars or autonomous vehicle are using capable  of navigating themselves and sensing the surroundings with help GPS, lidar, sonar, camera and some inertial measuring units without any human intervention. These self driving cars have been equipped with advanced control systems which are based on AI can keep track of the position of the vehicle and can perform the tasks or actions based on the data received from the sensors and cameras. These cars are capable of identifying the lanes, traffic signals, and various signs which are present on the roads. Some advantages of the self driving cars are like lesser traffic collisions, easy to control the traffic, more reliable and increased roadway capacity etc. But still there is lot of improvements has to be like accuracy and other factors, and also today’s autonomous cars accuracy has been increased a lot but they need to overcome the issues like cyber security, software reliability,  warning systems, the actions or decisions which  are taken by control systems must be very precise and accurate. Many companies are doing research on the autonomous cars so soon these self driving cars going be more efficient means of transport by overcoming the hindrances and providing a safe, cost effective, convenient and a more reliable means of transport throughout the journey.
This project on focuses on the implementation of a self driving car based taxi system where the user can book their car using internet. Presented model travels based on GPS tracking with sensors and camera providing assistance to car throughout the journey and making it accurate and reliable.
